Update BEMAN_STANDARD.md: add REPOSITORY.DISALLOW_GIT_SUBMODULES (#75)
bemanproject/beman: docs/BEMAN_STANDARD.md

**[REPOSITORY.CODEOWNERS]** REQUIREMENT: There must be a `.github/CODEOWNERS` file
with a relevant set of codeowners.

**[REPOSITORY.DISALLOW_GIT_SUBMODULES]** RECOMMENDATION: The repository should not use git submodules. All its dependencies should be fetched via [cmake FetchContent](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/module/FetchContent.html).

Use the following style:

> ```CMake

Reviewer: Can you provide an example (via a link maybe)

**[REPOSITORY.CODEOWNERS]** REQUIREMENT: There must be a `.github/CODEOWNERS` file
with a relevant set of codeowners.

> **[REPOSITORY.DISALLOW_GIT_SUBMODULES]** RECOMMENDATION: The repository should not use git submodules. All its dependencies should be fetched via [cmake FetchContent](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/module/FetchContent.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**[REPOSITORY.DISALLOW_GIT_SUBMODULES]** RECOMMENDATION: The repository should not use git submodules. All its dependencies should be fetched via [CMake FetchContent](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/module/FetchContent.html).
```

> **[REPOSITORY.DISALLOW_GIT_SUBMODULES]** RECOMMENDATION: The repository should not use git submodules. All its dependencies should be fetched via [cmake FetchContent](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/module/FetchContent.html).

Reviewer 2: I wonder if [REPOSITORY.DISALLOW_GIT_SUBMODULES] should be distinct from a separate [CMAKE.USE_FETCHCONTENT] rule.

Author: Agree. I think I would also prefer your approach.

Reviewer 3: I don't know if there is a reasonable alternative for submodule  for the https://github.com/mpark/wg21 framework? 
Since I think git submodules are the wrong tool for a job, I'd like to find a better solution, but I don't think FetchContent is an alternative. We're saying should, not must, here, so I think it's ok, but perhaps clarify that submodules are to be avoided, not forbidden?

Author: I tried to apply both suggestions.
* split in to rules
* add an explicit `known exception` for https://github.com/mpark/wg21

Use the following style:

```CMake
FetchContent_Declare(
    <dependency name>
    EXCLUDE_FROM_ALL
    GIT_REPOSITORY ${GIT_REPOSITORY}
    GIT_TAG ${GIT_TAG}
)
FetchContent_MakeAvailable(<dependency name>)
```

> Check `[CMAKE.SKIP_TESTS]` in this document for an actual working example or [exemplar/blob/main/CMakeLists.txt](https://github.com/bemanproject/exemplar/blob/main/CMakeLists.txt).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check `[CMAKE.SKIP_TESTS]` in this document for a working example or [exemplar/blob/main/CMakeLists.txt](https://github.com/bemanproject/exemplar/blob/main/CMakeLists.txt).
```

endif()
```

> **[CMAKE.SKIP_EXAMPLES]** RECOMMENDATION: The root `CMakeLists.txt` should not build examples and their dependencies when `BEMAN_<short_name>_BUILD_EXAMPLES` is set to `OFF`. The option is prefixed with the project so that projects can compose. Turning on examples for the top level project should not turn on examples for dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[CMAKE.SKIP_EXAMPLES]** RECOMMENDATION: The root `CMakeLists.txt` file should not build examples and their dependencies when `BEMAN_<short_name>_BUILD_EXAMPLES` is set to `OFF`. The option is prefixed with the project so that projects can compose. Turning on examples for the top level project should not turn on examples for dependencies.
```

Author: I will defer style fixes for existing code in other PR - for instance, we also have "the root README.md". I don't think we need that extra world. If you think, we should create a new PR to propagate the new behaviour in the entire file.
